hello guys and girls welcome to another
odyssey tip of the week my name is flame
fury now
through the Catwoman incidence so you
try to attain to feats that you can get
in here one called fumigator which is
the first one will do and lead with the
pride the second one with fumigator you
need to secure four valves in a pipe
that I'll be running along you'll see
there in a moment we'd lead with the
pride I have to protect all of the lion
cubs in the warehouse that's coming up a
little bit later so once I've taken down
all these cats
we'll be jumping down the hole behind me
and we should see a hazmat technician
down there excellent on my bar I've got
shield equipped shield makes this much
easier and I'll explain why in a moment
if you haven't got shielding a power set
you can use the iconic hardlight shield
from the iconic powers I'll speak to the
hazmat officer put my shield and as you
can see i can run unimpeded through this
pipe until my shield wears off my shoe
wears off I start to can damage over the
top so as soon as my shield ready to be
activated again I'll pop it
and now my speed isn't affected as a
runs it through the pipe I would say
this is much easier for a flyer yeah I'm
not sure how easy it would be for an
acrobat it's hard enough with a noob
speedster like myself
put my shield again carry on running
through needing to avoid these cats that
run tools you along the pipe because
they rule bump you out the way and that
will happen to me in a moment
we've already gone past that Park I
remember now
okay again there anyway that's that feet
very easy you need to do this in under
80 seconds or less for the feats of pot
but it should be quite simple with a
shield on your bar now the next feat
lead with the pride we need to go down
this hole again we're going to be
attacking the line lords and the line
ladies we don't want to be attacking the
Cubs at all I'm not going to use any of
my powers I find it easier if I just use
a bow of single target a good single
target attack on it which I'll use my
arrow flurry mm-hmm the reason for this
is that I don't want any AoE powers or
nea Oh a weapon attacks accidentally
damaged in the Cubs because if I kill
any of the Cubs they will get back up
again and run after me but the field at
sorry the earth feat one pop all of the
Cubs have to be protected not only from
your attacks also from the attacks of
the line laws and the line ladies so we
need to make sure those Lionel's and
light ladies go down as soon as possible
because they will run past as you can
see there and start attacking the lion
cubs
I've been very careful just to use
single target attack
when I do that the cup should run out
and join me moving up here again to line
a DS one runs past what's at the Cubs
you still need to attack the Cubs even
when they run it at so you still need to
defend the cups when they're running
after you so make sure you take those
line lords and my leg is down and yeah
we're going to run free skate
this should be all there is one last
line walk around the corner here so I
take him take him down and we've got one
last lion cub ready to join us now as I
look over at the lion cubs this should
be nine there if you haven't got nine
something's gone wrong always end up
with nine in here now they will follow
me wherever i am going and hopefully the
feet should pop for you when you get to
this point
and here's the next boss anyway I've
been flame fury this has been an odyssey
tip of the week and thank you for
watching I hope see you all again and I
will speak to you soon mate